Your chest is heaving; the hot, dry air sears your throat.  Sweat
soaks your shirt.  The sand shifts and shimmers in front of you.  You
top a dune and start down the other side.  Your rubbery legs barely
keep you upright as you stumble down.

Every muscle in your body screams in agony.  The front of your shirt
is encrusted with dried blood from nosebleeds.

The sun crashes down on you like breaking glass.  It won't stop, won't
even pause.  You scream at the sun to just give you a moment, half a
moment.  The sun laughs and sends down thousands of needles to shred
what's left of your skin.

You're on your way up a dune now.  The hot air is an iron pressing
down on you.  You don't have the strength to climb.  You fall to your
knees, putting your hands above your head to to shield yourself from
the sun.  You try to get up again but you're overwhelmed with vertigo.
You literally don't know which way is up.  You thrust your legs out,
trying to get up, and you're surprised when the side of your face
smacks against the hot sand.  You curl up into a ball, arms over your
head and moan.

The vertigo intensifies.  You're still curled up, but you don't feel
the sand any more.  You're floating weightless in a sea of heat.  You
blink your eyes, but see nothing.  There's a loud rushing sound in your
ears.  You're trembling uncontrollably.

Now your mind dims.  You're still factually aware of the heat, the
pain.  But it's happening far away.  Your mind grows more diffused and
thin.  Conscious thought gives way to pure self awareness.  A sea of
static is rising from below, overwhelming you, infusing you.  You
slowly dissolve into the static.
